[MTM-50161] Review docs for 10.16 (PlaMa UI; part of MTM-47816) (#728)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/enterprise-tenant-bundle/customization.md

* SMTP (STARTTLS): email.protocol=smtp and email.connection.encrypted=true
* SMTPS (SSL/TLS): email.protocol=smtps and email.connection.encrypted=true

> Provide the host, port, username, password and sender address for the email server. Empty password configuration is supported too.

Reviewer: Empty password configuration is supported for Enterprise Edition tenant

Author: applied

Reviewer 2: @There is no Enterprise Edition since quite some time. Enterprise tenant is correct :-). Just fyi, no changes required.

> Provide the host, port, username, password and sender address for the email server. Empty password configuration is supported too.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Provide the host, port, username, password, and sender address for the email server. The empty password configuration is supported for the {{< enterprise-tenant >}}.
```

Author: applied, overridden @Airdroplet comment
